`hds-code-editor` - Attach `EditorView` instance to modified element (#2779)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/tall-numbers-exercise.md

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": patch
---

> `hds-code-editor` - Attaches EditorView instance to the modified element on instantiation
> 
> `CodeEditor` - Attaches EditorView instance to the editor element (`.hds-code-editor__editor`) within the Code Editor component

Reviewer: We aim to use [past tense for changelog entries](https://hashicorp.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HDS/pages/3243114706/Changelog+authoring+best+practices#General-guidance)

```suggestion
`hds-code-editor` - Attached `EditorView` instance to the modified element on instantiation

`CodeEditor` - Attached `EditorView` instance to the editor element (`.hds-code-editor__editor`)
```
